# Loafr Version 0.2
## Carson Hensold, Alex Hatoum, Jack Pearson, and Jingrou Mai

### How to run Loafr

### End-to-End Use Case Scenario for Version 0.2
#### Scenario: A user wants to filter all events except for ones with height < 173. Then, the user searches for all events named InfusionStart that take place between ConfigPatient and InfuseStep.

#### User Demo: https://youtu.be/3pOioU9vIXU

#### Step-By-Step Execution:
1. In a terminal, unzip and cd into the P5 - Group 3 directory
2. Now, cd into the Loafr directory where the built and compiled project exists
3. In your terminal, type (without the quotation marks), "java main.Loafr"
4. The program should now be running and prompting for input. First, type "1" to add a logfile.
5. Next, type "../example files/p5_test_logfile.csv" to access the example logfile from the example files directory
6. Type "2" into the prompt
7. Enter "../example files/p5_full_test_script.txt" to access the example script file from the example files directory
8. Type "3" into the prompt
9. Enter "../example files/new_example_config_file2.csv" to access the example config file from the example files directory
10. Finally, type "4" into the prompt to begin the Loafr analysis
11. The system should now output "1 results found" and the output of the analysis should be stored in the output folder in the P4 - Group 3 folder
12. When you are ready, type "stop" into the prompt to end the application execution

### Test Results
When running the test suite (located in the "TestRunner.java" file), all test results pass and output "RESULT: true" for a successful run of all test cases. If a test were to fail, it would instead first output the failed test case(s) followed by "RESULT: false". Unrelated Loafr program outputs generated by test cases should be disregarded. Examples of these Loafr program outputs are error messages and search result count messages.

### Requirements Traceability:
This end-to-end scenario satisfies: System Feature 4.1, requirements 1, 2, 3; System Feature 4.2, requirement 1, requirement 2; System Feature 4.3, requirements 2, 3, 4, 5, 6; System Feature 4.4, requirement 1, requirement 2; System Feature 4.5, requirements 1, 2; System Feature 4.6, requirements 1, 2, 3; Performance Requirements 1, 3; Safety Requirements 1, 2, 4; Security Requirement 1; Business Rules Requirement 1.
